hi youtube this is a giving review of
HTC Sensation axle and in this review we
will have a look at the Super Mario
Brothers game so let's start this game
without wasting any time and let's see
what we have in this game so press
player 1 select your player this is
enter this bar is enter this is jump
this is to go left this is to go white
this is to say I'm not very good in this
game but I'm showing you the graphics of
this game one I sticky transition I do
let's let this game long time ago on
Monday tender so these are the giving
your office of Mario Bros on HTC
Sensation agree take care all bye and
don't forget to subscribe link